Romário tries hard but does not contain
tears
stadium crowded national anthem at the request of
selection
It's too much for one night, I guess.
which was a farewell in style to the
the romario
It was certainly the farewell of the little one.
has everything
but we'll leave the best to the end and
start talking about the second half in the
and the good plays of the
Fernandão attackers building and graffiti
third Brazilian goal scored by
own graphite
everything went well here in what the
people were waiting right?
It's true everyone expects a beautiful
farewell to romario and the small one help
occurs asks the ball enters left foot
and hit until miss
and let's agree it was never the specialty
it's just that from this lack in his corner
that finishes in the first goal of Brazil
It looks amazing and they are still doing
head
see again in the image of the new
tv aerial camera globe
but for the farewell to be perfect
He has to score his goal and has the
start the ball with the robot
goalkeeper that he kicks at the foot of
ricardinho free romario
free romario can only end in the
Brazilian title
party and excitement in the pacaembu the noise
celebrates honoring the daughter saw where
have down syndrome and in the middle of
joy gives a written message over there
had a daughter
daum that is a little princess the top scorer
makes another goal but the referee cancels
impediment
38 minutes from first half
is replaced and left the field
taking leave of the Brazilian national
exciting way to be cheered by
all fans in the pacaembu stadium
it greets the players of the selection
and is greeted by his companions
Tetra-championship dunga paulo sérgio
viola white and rag is a fair tribute
I'm happy and thank you because I'm going to give
a clear lap is coming
on the Olympic return more emotion the
cheerleading
it is an established player in the game
many, many times with the shirt
selection
're paying right now it's hard to play
football, and more importantly, he
said goodbye saying goodbye doing
what he's always done for a career
public making goals right always tried
do the utmost to give or to
in some moments a little bit of
joy to our people your child there
I have some advice that I can
romario says goodbye to the Brazilian national team
with the certainty of the mission accomplished
94 world cup star champion
a scorer we do not score goal and with
the face of Brazilian football to
head scoring goal